hey how's it going Dave Judy here and
the Google event just went down and
there was a lot of hardware that was
announced more than I thought they would
the few items that kind of stick out for
me is being like the most interesting
are well actually like the Google home
devices so the mini and the Mac's both
were more interesting to me than I
thought they would be so I'm not a huge
on smart home stuff I normally just
don't invest in that stuff but because
of how inexpensive the Google mini is I
feel like it's something that a lot of
people could easily pick up and adapt
into their house and make use of it and
because so many people are kind of using
Google services I feel like this is the
turning point for Google home or just
the whole Google home ecosystem I feel
like that's at 50 bucks so many people
are gonna get it it's gonna change how
people perceive the whole Google home
thing the Google home max device was a
bit of a surprise and that thing looks
really impressive to me it's
unfortunately really expensive it's 400
bucks but the thing is it to me just
kills any interest that I ever had in
the Apple home pod not that I was in
love with the home pod or anything but
that thing is $350 and like let's forget
about everything about speaker quality
and stuff like that I'm just gonna
assume that they're both really good but
for the services that the Apple home pod
can connect to and that's being only
Apple music it makes no sense for people
to purchase that thing unless they're so
deeply invested in the Apple ecosystem
Google home max is like I think it's
just a better product all around and I
like the fact we can put them straight
up or lie them flat and assuming the
sound quality is good which i think is a
pretty safe assumption I think they're
gonna sell way better than Apple home
pod devices just because of how much
versatility these have in comparison
okay the other devices are the pixel
devices the pixel - and the pixel -
Excel to me the one that's most
interesting is the pixel to excel not
that the pixel - is bad or anything but
because of those bezels I feel like the
excel is just so much nicer to look at
it this is a phone that you use and care
with you all the time it's got to look
nice and the regular pixel - just
doesn't cut it
in terms of the tech on the new phones
like they were demonstrating AR I mean
every phone companies doing AR this year
it's super impressive and I'm sure you
need some pretty powerful hardware but
it just doesn't appeal to me and maybe
it appeals to you guys I'm curious
though like when you guys see those
things does that turn you on like does
that make you go hey I want to buy that
phone because Apple did it Google did it
and I'm sure there's other phones that
gonna drop this here that have a are
demonstrations but it I don't know it
Emma like an old or something I look at
that stuff and I'm like who the hell
wants to see this stuff like who's
really gonna want to have creatures from
stranger things running around and I
don't know it seems weird the things
that I am excited about on the phones
are the camera it supposedly gets a DxO
mark of 98 which is the highest yet
again and I'm really stoked for this new
feature on the pixel to where the phone
will actually listen to your ambient
environment for songs and try to
identify them without even you tapping
the screen or anything like that I love
that there's so many times where I've
want to know the name of the song and
I'll be too lazy to hit up Shazam or by
the time I hit Shazam up it's too late
and the song is gone I love that I think
it's such a simple thing but hopefully
doesn't drain batteries like crazy but I
love that I think I'll use it pretty
frequently okay the device that I'm most
interested to find out more information
about though is without a doubt the
pixel book so the pixel book if you
don't watch the event is this
thousand-dollar Chromebook which is
super expensive right that's the first
question that comes to mind why would
you pay $1,000 for a Chromebook when you
can get Chromebooks for like three or
four hundred dollars a pretty good ones
and I think the answer to that is that
you can always find Chromebooks
inexpensive Chromebooks easily you go on
the market you can buy like two three
four hundred dollar Chromebooks
everywhere so if you want to buy
something a little more expensive you
could there's some Samsung devices and
ACS made a really premium one but this
one kind of steps it up to the next
level and I'm interested to try this
thing I really want to see if $1,000
gets you a device that's actually worth
it the other thing is and I think this
is the question that's most pertinent to
me and probably you guys even if you do
have a thousand dollars to spend on
something
is it really worth like you have to
really think about that thousand dollars
it's a lot of money but if you have that
budget is really worth buying a pixel
book over something like an XPS 13 or an
lg gram 13 or any kind of the top and
13-inch devices that have a thousand
dollar price tag and I think that's an
interesting question that I mean the the
immediate reaction the knee-jerk
reaction is no there's no way because
you could do so much more on a Windows
laptop or even like an older MacBook you
can do so much more on those devices
than a Chromebook right that's the
immediate thought but there's a reason
why this thing exists I want to explore
it fully I want to test it out I'm super
excited about that thing I will be going
to the event in Toronto tonight just to
check out the different devices and if I
find something interesting I'll do a
follow-up video but otherwise I'll be
doing reviews on the stuff as they come
in okay I hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs if you liked it subs if you
loved it see you guys next time